I want to change an important product decision. 
 
ARCHIVE ASSISTANT is primarily a personal Windows-local application. 
 
I am not expecting multiple users to access this installation. 
 
A mandatory login page is therefore unnecessary for normal local use. 
 
CURRENT STATE 
 
The application currently uses Clerk authentication and the API is protected by requireAuth. 
 
Per-user ownership has also been implemented. 
 
I do NOT want to throw away the existing architecture or database work. 
 
NEW PRODUCT REQUIREMENT 
 
LOCAL MODE SHOULD NOT REQUIRE LOGIN. 
 
When running ARCHIVE ASSISTANT locally on Windows: 
 
- opening localhost should take the user directly into the application 
- no sign-in page should be required 
- no Clerk login should be required for normal local operation 
- API routes should work without an interactive authentication flow 
- existing local functionality should continue to work 
 
IMPORTANT: 
 
Do not simply remove security checks from the application. 
 
Instead, introduce a clear distinction between: 
 
LOCAL / SINGLE-USER MODE 
 
and 
 
AUTHENTICATED / MULTI-USER MODE 
 
Local single-user mode should have a stable local identity so existing ownership-aware records continue to function correctly. 
 
The existing ownership model should remain intact. 
 
Do not delete owner_id fields. 
 
Do not remove ownership migrations. 
 
Do not destroy existing data. 
 
Do not remove Clerk from the codebase if it is useful for a future hosted/multi-user deployment. 
 
Instead: 
 
1. Determine the cleanest way for local mode to bypass interactive authentication while maintaining server-side authorization boundaries. 
2. Preserve the existing Clerk path for future authenticated deployments. 
3. Make local mode explicit through configuration. 
4. Ensure local mode cannot accidentally expose secrets to the browser. 
5. Keep Plex tokens server-side. 
6. Keep the application architecture unchanged. 
 
DEFAULT BEHAVIOR 
 
For the normal Windows-local installation, default to: 
 
AUTH_MODE=local 
 
or an equivalent clearly named configuration. 
 
Local mode should use a stable local user identity for ownership purposes. 
 
A future hosted deployment should be able to use: 
 
AUTH_MODE=clerk 
 
or equivalent. 
 
UI 
 
Remove the mandatory login/landing flow in local mode. 
 
Opening localhost should go directly to HOME. 
 
Do not remove the sign-in components entirely if they are needed for future authenticated mode. 
 
Make the UI reflect the selected authentication mode accurately. 
 
SETUP 
 
Update `.env.example`, README, and DEVELOPMENT.md so the authentication behavior is clear. 
 
The local installation should not require a Clerk account. 
 
TESTING 
 
Verify: 
 
- fresh local launch goes directly to HOME 
- API works without login 
- local ownership still functions 
- jobs remain isolated to the local identity 
- Plex settings remain protected server-side 
- existing database records remain accessible 
- switching to authenticated mode still works structurally 
- no secrets are exposed 
 
Run: 
 
- tests 
- typecheck 
- build 
- git diff --check 
 
Before changing code, inspect the current Clerk middleware, requireAuth implementation, ownership model, and frontend routing. 
 
Then implement the smallest clean solution. 
 
Do not change any media engine functionality. 
 
Do not begin another feature phase. ARCHIVE ASSISTANT FUTURE DESKTOP PACKAGING

I want the long-term version of ARCHIVE ASSISTANT to be a proper Windows desktop application rather than permanently being a browser-based website.

Do NOT convert the application yet.

Do NOT rewrite the current architecture.

Instead, inspect the current project and determine whether the existing architecture is suitable for eventually packaging the application as a Windows desktop app using Tauri or another appropriate desktop shell.

The desired eventual experience is:

Double-click ARCHIVE ASSISTANT.exe
→ application opens directly
→ React UI is displayed in a native desktop window
→ local Express/Node media engine runs locally
→ yt-dlp / FFmpeg / FFprobe / SQLite / filesystem / Plex remain local

The desktop version should not require:
- a browser
- localhost URLs
- Clerk login
- Replit
- cloud infrastructure

The existing local-first architecture should remain the core.

Please inspect the current code and report:

1. Whether the current React + Vite frontend is suitable for Tauri.
2. Whether the current Express + Node API can run cleanly alongside a desktop shell.
3. How the local media engine should be started/stopped with the desktop app.
4. How SQLite paths should be handled in an installed Windows application.
5. How yt-dlp / FFmpeg / FFprobe paths should be handled.
6. How the archive/download directories should be configured.
7. What would need to change to package a Windows .exe.
8. What should remain untouched.
9. Whether Tauri or Electron is the better fit for this particular architecture.
10. Any architectural decisions we should make now to keep desktop packaging easy later.

DO NOT MODIFY CODE.

This is a desktop-readiness assessment only.